1. US blockade of Iranian ports takes effect as Trump threatens to destroy 'attack ships'
2. Orbán era swept away by Péter Magyar's Hungary election landslide
3. Eight to be awarded for bravery in Bondi Junction stabbing
4. Israel steps up strikes on Lebanon and Hezbollah attacks continue as talks loom
5. Katya Adler: Celebration in Budapest, relief in Brussels but a blow for Moscow
6. Mourners sing Asha Bhosle hit as iconic Indian singer cremated
7. 'Out of control' diesel prices threaten Australia's crucial freight industry
8. Political turmoil in Indian border state as nine million lose voting rights
9. Where does McIlroy rank among greats after Masters defence?
10. US judge dismisses $10bn Trump defamation suit against Wall Street Journal
11. French cement giant guilty of financing militant groups including Islamic State
12. EasyJet passengers describe EU border 'nightmare'
13. UK could adopt EU single market rules under new legislation
14. More to explore
15. Asha Bhosle: The sound of Bollywood dies aged 92
16. Euphoria is back with more shock and scandal, but mixed reviews
17. Iran war lands 'triple blow' to flood-ravaged Sri Lankans
18. Why this Dutch village is at risk of being demolished
19. The surprising reality of how teenage girls still define themselves
20. On patrol with Canadian forces securing the Arctic as global threats grow
21. India refuses to criminalise marital rape. This new series shines a light on it
22. Iran war
23. How many ships are crossing the Strait of Hormuz?
24. Pope says he has 'no fear' of Trump after scathing criticism
25. Trump's blockade threat raises risks and leaves predicaments unchanged
26. Oil jumps back above $100 after US-Iran peace talks fail
27. What is a naval blockade and how would it work in Strait of Hormuz?
28. Most watched
29. Celebrities and fans pay tributes to Asha Bhosle
30. 'I'm not a fan of Pope Leo' says Trump
31. Iran chose 'not to accept our terms', US VP Vance says after negotiations
32. 'A truly historic moment': Hungarian opposition wins election landslide
33. Why is Melania Trump speaking out about Epstein now?
34. Also in news
35. Peru election drags into second day after ballot delivery fiasco
36. Australian teenager Gout faster than Bolt at 18
37. Ghanaian footballer killed after armed attackers open fire at team bus
38. Carney on verge of Liberal majority government as votes cast in three by-elections
39. Rapper Offset hits Coachella stage days after being shot
40. Most read
41. Trump's blockade threat raises risks and leaves predicaments unchanged
42. Pope says he has 'no fear' of Trump after scathing criticism
43. What is a naval blockade and how would it work in Strait of Hormuz?
44. Orbán era swept away by Péter Magyar's Hungary election landslide
45. EasyJet passengers describe EU border 'nightmare'
46. US judge dismisses $10bn Trump defamation suit against Wall Street Journal
47. Katya Adler: Jubilation in Budapest will be felt in Europe but leaves Moscow cold
48. Britney Spears goes into rehab after driving under the influence arrest
49. Starmer says UK will not join Trump's blockade of Iran's ports
50. UK could adopt EU single market rules under new legislation
51. Sport
52. Where does McIlroy rank among greats after Masters defence?
53. Another Sunday In Hell: The brutal race that thwarts the greats
54. The Masters that got away - Rose the nearly man again
55. Follow County Championship updates
56. Tottenham in advanced talks to sign Robertson
57. Ranking the biggest Premier League title slip-ups
58. Sunderland condemn racist abuse of Brobbey
